for anyone inspiring to complete oldie underway training. I would first
say that it depends heavily on your workout and your time management
skills. The second thing work together. There are multiple personnel
on board that would be striving for the same qualifications and
contrary to properly believe this is not a competition work together.
There's a famous saying. Teamwork makes the dream work for you to
study together, train together, work together. It will allow you to
be Maur of a competent watch stander instead of always thinking and
looking over your shoulder, worrying about what this person may have,
what that person may have, so work together and use your time wisely.